---
layout: post
title:  "Readme first"
date:   2016-01-29
---

Let's imagine a community. 

The members of this community are normal people that for most of their time do 
things that other normal people generally do. For the rest of their time they 
do things that are valuable for the community as a whole. That means that they 
regularly contribute to the well-being of the community. 

Let's also imagine that there is a way to quantify the value of each members' 
contribution. That would lead us to a community that can determine the value
of each of its members based on the total value of all the contribution that 
the particular member has ever made. 

Let's keep on imagining, and assume that this community has a decision system 
where the decisions are made by averaging the opinions of its members weighed
by the value of the particular member. 

Where would all this leave us? We would probably have a group of collaborating 
individuals where each member has the right and means influence the decisions 
that need to be made at the community level. The degree of the influence of 
each member is proportional to the value of the total contribution that the 
particular member has done to the community.

Let's try to think about what the members would expect from such a community
in order to be convinced to become and stay members.

Every member of this community is a human being. Like all living creatures,
human beings need to consume a certain amount of resources over a given period of time
in order to make a certain quality of life possible. Experience shows that 
the availability of these resources varies over time, therefore humans 
have developed the habit of stocking them up in order to ensure that 
there is no shortage, not even during the periods when the sources do not produce
enough to keep up with the demand. Securing a certain lifestyle is probably
something that every community member as well as every human being will want. 

Once a certain quality of life is secured, the availability of any additional
resources will have little value to the members. Instead, they will appreciate
the prospect of growth in other areas, like individual influence and recognition. 
Assuming that community is growing continuously, these expectations of the members
will probably be met, provided that every member is contributing more or less equally. 

Some of the assumptions that we have made so far will need further investigation
but let's imagine for now that all them will eventually be found correct.
Looking at the world today, can we find any model that has similar prospects has 
its members?

Governments in general, regardless of the actual details, are based on the existence
of a certain individual or group of individualw that are responsivbe for 
making decisions that affect the entire population. 

blabla...



 


