---
layout: post
title:  "Readme first"
date:   2016-01-29
---

Let's imagine a community. 

The members of this community are normal people that for most of their time do 
things that other normal people generally do. For the rest of their time they 
do things that are valuable for the community as a whole. That means that they 
regularly contribute to the well-being of the community. 

Let's also imagine that there is a way to quantify the value of each members' 
contribution. By summing up to value of each contribution of certain member
at a given point in time, we could quantify how valuable that member is to 
the community. 

Let's keep on imagining, and assume that this community has a decision system 
where the decisions are made by averaging the opinions of its members weighed
by the value of the particular member. 

Where would all this leave us? We would have a group of collaborating 
individuals where each member has the right and means to influence the decisions 
that need to be made at the community level. The degree of the influence of 
each member is proportional to the value of the total contribution that the 
particular member has done to the community.

Now let's think about what people would expect from such a community
in order to be convinced to become and stay members.

Every member of this community is a human being. Like all living creatures,
human beings need to consume a certain amount of resources over a given period of time
in order to live a certain quality of life. Securing a certain lifestyle is probably
something that every community member, just like every human being in general will want. 

Once a certain quality of life is secured, the availability of any additional
resources will have little value to the members. Instead, they will look
for other values. They would probably appreciate more
the prospect of growth in areas like individual influence and recognition. 
Assuming that community is growing continuously, these expectations of the members
will probably be met, provided that every member is contributing more or less equally. 

...

Some of the assumptions that we have made so far will need further investigation
but let's imagine for now that all of them will eventually be found correct.
Looking at the world today, can we find any model that has similar prospects for 
its members?

Governments in general, regardless of the specific features of any particular one,
are based on the existence of a certain entity, may it be an individual 
or group of individuals that are responsible for making decisions that 
affect the entire population. Even if there is some mechanism in place that 
makes it possible for the general public to express its opinion, the final 
decision will inherently be influenced by the interest of the aformentioned
entity that is putting it into effect. Given that this entity consists of 
human beings, it is subject to moral issues and emotional state.
There is no guarantee that all citizens will have the possibility to 
exercise their deserved and expected rights of influencing the decisions
that affect their own lives.

Companies have similar issues. Even employees that are fortunate to
have their desired lifestyle secured their salary are still to some
extent continuously dependent on the skills and judgement of their 
employers.




blabla...



 


